find out how you can look 15 pounds
thinner in a bathing suit without going
on a diet all right we can't all look
like annalynne mccord in a swimsuit but
it's definitely getting easier to look
like a star when you hit the beach
thanks just
I
you all know about Spanx right how they
shape our bodies underneath our clothes
well you know in the summer we go with a
lot less clothes the Spanx launched the
swimming swimwear line that scored sexy
cuts that are also figure flattering
it's the one item celebs like lettuce
Jessica and cam can't live without
thanks and the same secret weapon they
use on the red carpet is making its
debut on the beach I'm just going to be
flattering on any body type it is missus
pink swimsuit everything just smooth out
it looks great and they came in these
really cool designs they don't look like
you're wearing Spanx don't be a bitch I
don't know perfect for the pool who
doesn't want to look a little thinner
especially in a bathing suit well
Consumer Reports ShopSmart says there
are plenty of swimsuits that promise
slimming results but seeing is believing
ShopSmart liked this Spanx woven halter
one piece the waist detail instantly
slim when I was sitting down I didn't
feel as though I had to suck in my
stomach so that was a very huge selling
point for me
Oh
it's magical there yes it will make you
lose 10 pounds instantly because their
shape we're in here why would know and
it's adorable I love that Davina almost
killed me when I asked her to model for
this to shoot a baby three months ago oh
yeah I know she's wearing specs one more
with maximum compression cheeway jersey
and she's channeling old Hollywood Blues
I is the matriarch of the family but she
is far from matronly so we gave her a
Spanx one piece the color looks great on
her
mirror are not your friend well we may
be able to ease the anxiety thanks to
Spanx the undergarment shapewear line
designs a high figure flaws just
unveiled a new bathing suit line at
target called asset swimwear by Sara
Blakely how does it work slimming liners
and the extra ruching gathered fabric
that hides flaws because of the tankini
and its high it sucks in a little more
actually been the one piece that I fed
on so this is amazing normally it rolls
over just a little but this one is
definitely smoothing it out more so in
the shows that I have some extra curves
i didn't know i had put your grandma's
old swimsuit that's an important point
they don't have all that nasty boning
and really big skirts are very trendy
you don't have to suck it in anymore by
the pool cuz we'll do it for you
you